Update SingleSelect.md (#2390)
coveo/plasma: packages/website/docs/SingleSelect.md

List options in alphanumerical order unless a more suited ordering rationale applies, for example when listing size or security level options.

Always include the ability to filter options when the list contains 20 or more.

## Labeling

Keep titles and labels short, preferably **under three words**.

### Title

The title should indicate the type of information to provide.

Provide a descriptive title without action verbs. For instance, write "Favorite drink" rather than "Select your favorite drink".

### Labels

Labels identify each option and should be self-explanatory. The width of the input should allow to fully display the name of the selected option.

Use a consistent writing style for all options in the list.

## Help Text and Instructions

The placeholder text should indicate the type of information to select. Use an action verb. For example, write "Select a drink" rather than "Select an option".

## Feedback and Validation

Allow the addition of custom values only when it doesn't increase the risk of failure and when there may be options other than those listed.

Examples:
-   When users select a country: do not allow custom values.

> -   When users select their favorite color: allow custom values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   When users select their favorite color: allow custom values so that users can enter specific shades such as "teal" and "chartreuse".
```

[Description]: # 
[Single-select dropdown allow to select only one option from a predefined list. It is typically used when there are a large number of available options.]: # 

# Best Practices 

> Use multi-select to allow user to select one option from a **long list that can be filtered**. Single-selects are more appropriate when the available list of options is very long or when the space is limited. 

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about talking about the multi select in the first sentence of the SingleSelect guidelines :see_no_evil: 

```suggestion
Single-selects are appropriate when the available list of options is very long or when the space is limited. 
To allow users to select one option from a **long list that can be filtered** use the multi-select . 
```

or something like that? :thinking:

Author: It's a coquille. It should have said Multi-selects. 😬

# Best Practices

Use single-select to allow user to select one option from a **long list that can be filtered**. Single-selects are more appropriate when the available list of options is very long or when the space is limited.

Use alphanumerical order unless a more suited ordering rational applies (such as sizes or security levels).

Always include the ability to filter the list when there are over 20 options.

> ## Labeling

Author: I will revert that change

Keep titles and labels short, **under one line**.

> ### Titles

Reviewer 3: Should the `title` (best practice) section be under Forms?

Author: We'll probably have a more general guidelines relating to labeling and copy writing. Is that what you're saying?

Author: We'll probably have a more general guidelines relating to labeling and copy writing. Is that what you're saying?

Reviewer 3: If I understand correctly, wouldn't titles be part of a form section?  I see titles, then labels.

Author: The title here refers to the name given to the single-select input. 
Let's say you have to choose an ice cream flavor, from a predefined list. 

Then there would be a title "Flavor" above the single-select where all flavor options would be. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44175746/152019449-67f9bfd7-8597-4808-8f3f-71558f29d586.png)

The title is used to indicate the type of information to be provided.

Use descriptive labels without action verbs.

-   E.g. Use "Favorite drink" instead of "Select your favorite drink".

### Labels

Labels are used to name each option. The width of the input should allow to fully display the name of the chosen option.

Use a consistent writing style for all options in the list.

## Help text and instructions

The placeholder text should indicate the type of information that must be selected with an action verb.

-   E.g. Use "Select a condiment" instead of "Select an option".

## Feedback and validation

> Allow the addition of custom values only when it doesn't increase the risk of failure and when the availability of all possible options in the list can not be ensured.

Author: I'd like that the second part with "when there may be options other than those listed" is very clear about "we can't realisticaly list all possible options because there are too many possibilities" 

"may be other options" feels liek we could just show you 5 random choices...

Here some examples:

-   When selecting your country: do not allow custom values.

> -   When choosing your favorite color: allow custom values.

Author: Do we need to have "making users do", If feels off, we're not "making" them do anything.

"When users select..."

---

## Related Components

If your use case doesn't match these guidelines, consider using an alternate component instead.

> -   [Radio Button](#/form/RadioButton) if you have less than 10 options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Radio buttons](#/form/RadioButton) if you have seven options or less.
```
In the radio button PR, we tell readers to use a Single select if they lave more than seven options.

> -   [Multi Select](#/form/MultiSelect) if you can select multiple options from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Multi select](#/form/MultiSelect) if users can select multiple options from the list.
```
